========
Glossary
========

.. glossary::
   :sorted:

   ABNF
      The Augmented BNF (ABNF) format is a plain-text (non-XML) representation,
      which is similar to a traditional BNF (Backus-Naur Form) grammar,
      and is used as a bidirectional communications protocol.

   account
      The portion of the Cloud Files system designated for your use.
      The Cloud Files system is designed to be used by many
      different customers, and your user account is your portion of it.
      Your user account is your slice of the Cloud Files system.
      You must identify yourself with a valid user name and your
      API access key. After you are authenticated, your have
      full read/write access to the objects (files) stored under your account.

   agent
      An executable that sits on your cloud server
      that knows how to perform backups and restores.
      The agent gathers metrics based on agent checks and
      pushes them to Cloud Monitoring and provides insight into
      your servers with checks for information such as load average
      and network usage. The agent acts as a single small
      service that runs scheduled checks and pushes metrics to
      the rest of Cloud Monitoring so the metrics can be analyzed,
      trigger alerts, and be archived. These metrics are
      gathered via checks using agent check types, and can be
      used with the other Cloud Monitoring primitives such as alarms.
      Agent installation currently supports Windows and Unix or Linux platforms.

   agent token
      An authentication token used to identify the agent
      when it communicates with Cloud Monitoring.

   alarm
      Contains a set of rules that determine when
      the monitoring system sends a notification.
      You can create multiple alarms for the different check types
      associated with an entity. For example, if your entity
      is a web server that hosts your company's website, you can
      create one alarm to monitor the server itself,
      and another alarm to monitor the website. The alarms
      language provides you with scoping parameters that let
      you pinpoint the value that will trigger the alarm.
      The scoping parameters are inherently flexible,
      so that you can set up multiple checks to trigger a single alarm.
      The alarm language supplies an adaptable triggering
      system that makes it easy for you to define different
      formulas for each alarm that monitors an entity's uptime.

   API
      Application Program Interface. A set of routines,
      protocols, and tools for building software applications.

   Apache
      The most common web server software presently being used on the internet.

   Applet
      A Java program that can be embedded into a web page.

  application server
      A piece of software that makes available another piece of software
      over a network.

   ASPs
      Application Service Providers. Companies that rent specialized
      applications that help businesses and organizations provide additional
      services at lower costs.

   attribute mapping
      A method of transforming attributes for an API resource model to match
      an API resource model on a different system. In the context of
      federated identity management, attribute mapping is done when
      a trusted Identity Provider (IdP) and a Service provider have different
      attribute names and conventions. The attribute mapping can be
      configured on the sending side (third party identity provider), on
      the consuming side (Identity API service), or on both.

   authentication
      The act or process of confirming the identity of a
      user or the truth of a claim. The authentication service
      confirms that an incoming request is being made by the
      user who claims to be making the request. The service does this
      by validating a set of claims that the user makes.
      These claims are initially in the form of a set of credentials.
      After initial confirmation based on credentials,
      the authentication service issues a token to the user.
      When making subsequent requests, the user can provide the
      token as evidence that the user's identity has already been authenticated.

   authentication token
      An encrypted string returned by the Identity service in response
      to an authentication request submitted with valid credentials. The
      token stores information about the services and operations
      available to the authenticated user and provides a secure way to
      transmit authentication information when submitting API requests.

   authorization
      Process that determines the capabilities available to an
      authenticated user, system or process. Authorization ensures that
      clients have appropriate access to information and information
      processing capabilities based on roles and policy-based access
      control defined by the organization.

   backup
      A copy of computer data for a database instance that
      can be used to restore the original instance if necessary.

   backup configuration
      Defines what needs to be backed up and when it needs to be backed up.
      The backup configuration includes a schedule for the backup,
      files to back up, and notifications.

   backup schedule
      Can be defined to create server images at regular intervals
      (daily and weekly). Backup schedules are configurable per server.

   bandwidth
      The amount of available data used by communication resources
      such as the Internet. Bandwidth refers to the amount of
      data that is used to download things or the amount of data
      available to download.

   binary
      A base 2 numbering scheme in which there are only two possible
      values for each digit: 0 and 1.

   bit
      A contraction of the term "binary digit", a bit is an individual
      1 or 0 in the binary numbering system. Bandwidth usage is
      measured in bits-per-second.

   bit torrent
      A peer-to-peer system that legally shares files such as legal
      software updates, movies and other resources.

   blog
      An online journal. Blogs can be either personal or professional in tone.

   BPS
      Bits-per-second. The most universal measurement of how quickly
      data is transferred from place to place.

   browser
      Any client software that allows a computer or device to access the
      Internet. Examples of browsers include Microsoft Internet Explorer,
      Mozilla Firefox, and Google Chrome.

   byte
      A unit of data that is eight bits long.

   caching rule
      Provides fine-grained control over the time-to-live (TTL) of an
      object. When the TTL expires for an object, the edge node pulls the
      object from the origin again.

   CDN
      Content Delivery Network. A system of distributed servers
      (network) that deliver web pages and other web content
      to a user based on the geographic locations of the user,
      the origin of the web page, and a content delivery server.
      
      For Rackspace CDN, a content delivery network (CDN) is a system 
      of multiple computers that contains copies of data stored at various 
      network nodes. A CDN is designed to improve performance of publicly 
      distributed assets. Assets can be anything from website content, to 
      web application components, to media such as videos, ads, and interactive 
      experiences.  CDNs decrease the load time of these assets by caching them on 
      edge nodes, also called edge servers or point of presence (PoPs) servers.  
      Edge nodes are distributed around the globe, so requests travel to a local 
      location to get assets rather than to and from a data center based far from the end user.

   CDN-enabled Containers
      Containers that serve content through the Akamai
      content delivery network (CDN). When a container is CDN-enabled,
      any files in the container are publicly accessible and
      do not require an authentication token for read access.
      However, uploading content into a CDN-enabled container is
      a secure operation and requires a valid authentication token.
      Each published container has a unique URL that can
      be combined with its object name and openly distributed
      in web pages, emails, or other applications.

   certificate authority
      Issuer of online security certificates that shows if a web site
      is verified as safe.

   check
      The foundational building block of the monitoring system,
      and is always associated with an entity.
      Checks explicitly specify how you want to monitor an entity.
      Once you've created an entity, you can configure
      one or more checks for it. The check specifies the parts
      or pieces of the entity that you want to monitor,
      the monitoring frequency, how many monitoring zones are
      launching the check, and so on. It contains the specific details
      of how you are monitoring the entity. You can associate
      one or more checks with an entity. An entity must have
      at least one check, but by creating multiple checks for an entity,
      you can monitor several different aspects of a single resource.
      For each check you create within the monitoring system,
      you'll designate a check type.

   check type
      Specifies the type of check you're creating.
      The check type tells the monitoring
      system which method to use, such as PING, HTTP, or SMTP,
      when investigating the monitored resource.

   CIDR
      Classless Inter-Domain Routing. A method for
      allocating IP addresses and routing Internet Protocol packets.
      Used with Cloud Networks.

   claim
      The process of a worker checking out a message to perform a task.
      Claiming a message prevents other workers from
      attempting to process the same messages.

   claim TTL
      Defines how long a message will be in claimed state.
      A message can be claimed by one worker at a time.

   cloud computing
      A set of pooled computing resources delivered over the Internet.

   cloudware
      Software that exists only on the Internet. No material product
      resides on your computer or disks.

   cluster
      A group of servers (nodes). In Cloud Big Data, the servers are virtual.

   collector
      Collects data from the monitoring zone and directly maps the
      data to an individual machine or a virtual machine.
      Monitoring zones contain many collectors, all of which will
      be within the IP address range listed in the response.
      **Note: There may also be unallocated IP addresses
      or unrelated machines within that IP address range.**

   configuration group
      A collection of key/value pairs, where the valid key/values
      are defined per datastore. Some directives are capable
      of being applied dynamically, while other directives require a
      server restart to take effect. The configuration
      group can be applied to an instance at creation or
      applied to an existing instance to modify the behavior of
      the running datastore on the instance. A configuration
      group consists of a collection of configuration parameters.

   configuration parameter
      A key/value pair that represents settings that
      can be applied to a database instance.

   connection logging
      Allows logs to be delivered to a Cloud Files account every hour.
      For HTTP-based protocol traffic, these are
      Apache-style access logs. For all other traffic,
      this is connection and transfer logging.

   consumer
      A server that claims messages from the queue.

   container
      A storage compartment that provides a way for you to organize data.
      A container is similar to a folder in Windows or a
      directory in UNIX. The primary difference between a container
      and these other file system concepts is that containers cannot be nested.

   convergence
      The act of Auto Scale adding or removing enough servers
      to satisfy the needed capacity.

   convergence delta
      The change in the number of servers that the system makes
      when a scaling policy is executed. For example, if the
      convergence delta is 2, then the system adds 2 servers.
      If it is -10, the system removes 10 servers.

   cookie
      Information that web pages save and send back as a way to
      recognize a user so that on succeeding visits, the
      users are recognized.

   cooldown
      There are two types of cooldown: group and policy.
      A group cooldown is the configured length of time that a scaling
      group must wait after scaling before beginning to scale again.
      A policy cooldown is the configured length of time that a
      scaling policy must wait before being able to be executed again.

   CPU alarm
      Sends a notification when your average CPU usage exceeds the set criteria.

   CPU Check
      Monitors and displays your server's CPU usage. It
      also displays your server's historical usage.

   credentials
      Data that belong to and identify a specific user. Because credentials
      are assumed to be known by only one user, users who present
      valid credentials are assumed to have proven that they are who
      they say they are. Credentials include: matching user name and
      password, matching user name and API key, a unique token,
      secret question and answer, digital certificate, and fingerprint.

   cURL command
      A command line tool for transferring data with URL syntax. The
      curl command line tool supports many protocols, including HTTP.

   cyberspace
      Refers to the Internet and all the information stored on it.

   database
      The database engine running on your instance.
      Currently the supported database engines and their
      versions are: MySQL 5.6, MySQL 5.1, Percona 5.6, and MariaDB 10.

   database instance
      An isolated database environment with compute and
      storage resources in a single tenant environment on a
      shared physical host machine. You can run a database
      instance with your choice of one of the following
      database engines: MySQL, Percona, or MariaDB.

   data point
      A value stored at a timestamp bucket. If no value is recorded at a
      particular time stamp bucket in a series, the value is None (null).

   DDI
      The customer number assigned to Rackspace Cloud account holders.
      The DDI corresponds to the tenant ID, which can be found on the
      Cloud Control Panel or by using the Rackspace Cloud Identity API to
      view user credentials.

   DHTML
      Dynamic HyperText Markup Language. Used to refer to pages that use
      HTML, JavaScript, and CCS to allow users to interact with
      a web page or show simple animation.

   DNS
      Domain Name System. Determines Internet domain
      name-to-address and address-to-name resolutions. All domains
      and their components, such as mail servers, utilize DNS to
      resolve to the appropriate locations. DNS servers are
      usually set up in a master-slave relationship such that failure
      of the master invokes the slave. DNS servers may also be clustered
      or replicated such that changes made to one DNS server are
      automatically propagated to other active servers. **Note: DNS
      understands only ASCII, so the Cloud DNS Service provides
      conversion between UTF-8 and ASCII on all calls into the system.**

   DNS record
      A record that specifies information about a particular domain.

   domain
      An entity/container of all DNS-related information containing
      one or more records. A domain represents the domain name through 
      which visitors retrieve content. The underlying site might be served 
      through a CDN. A service can have multiple domains. The CDN provider 
      provides users with a Canonical Name (CNAME) to specify for their 
      domain name as an alias.

   domain owner
      Within Rackspace DNS, the account which creates the
      domain is the domain owner. **Note: Domain registration is
      currently outside the scope of the Rackspace DNS API.
      Any references to ownership and management of domain information
      is only relevant within the context of the Rackspace DNS system.**

   download
      The transfer of data, usually in the form of files, from one
      computer to another.

   duck
      An aquatic bird.

   edge node
      Point of presence (PoP) servers located around the world. Edge nodes
      cache content and serve it directly to customers, reducing transit
      time to a customer's location. Also known as an edge server.

   email
      System for transferring messages from one computer to another
      over the Internet.

   endpoint
      An entry point to an API. The endpoint is defined as a set of
      base URLs to which API operations are defined relatively. An API
      may offer serval regional endpoints for a single API.

   endpoint template
      Provide Cloud Service providers with a method to manage API service
      endpoints that apply to many or all tenants without having to add
      each endpoint on each tenant manually.

   entity
      The object or resource that you want to monitor.
      An entity is commonly a web server, but it might also be a website,
      a web page or a web service. When you create an entity,
      you'll specify characteristics that describe what you are monitoring.
      At a minimum you must specify a name for the entity.
      The name is a user-friendly label or description that helps you
      identify the resource. You can also specify other attributes
      of the entity, such the entity's IP address, and any metadata
      that you'd like to associate with the entity.

   error page
      The html file that is shown to the end user when an
      error in the service has been thrown. By default every virtual
      server is provided with the default error file. It is also
      possible to submit a custom error page via the Load Balancers API.

   federated cloud
      Encapsulates a pool of interoperable, portable resources from disparate,
      potentially heterogeneous, cloud systems to enable sharing, migration,
      and redundancy across environments. Access to these resources is ensured
      through a common mechanism like a central management system or a common
      API in conjunction with established identity and authorization
      management mechanisms.

   FIdM
      Federated Identity Management. A set of policies, practices, and
      protocols that can be used to manage authentication and
      authorization of users, processes, and devices across organizations.

   file system alarm
      Sends a notification when the disk space in your specified
      directory exceeds the parameter you set.

   file system check
      Monitors and displays disk usage in a directory that you specify.

   firewall
      System that prevents unauthorized access to a computer or a network.
      Firewalls control incoming and outgoing network traffic by analyzing
      each packet and determining whether it should be allowed through,
      based on a predetermined rule set. Firewalls can be hardware-based,
      software-based, or a combination of hardware and software.

   flash
      Technology that is used for Internet animation, developed by Macromedia.

   flavor
      A resource configuration for a server. Each flavor is a unique
      combination of disk, memory, vCPUs, and network bandwidth. For Rackspace 
      CDN, a flavor is a mapping configuration to a CDN provider that enables 
      you to decide which CDN features that you want your service to use.

   FTP
      File Transfer Protocol. A method of moving files between two
      separate sites on the Internet.

   gateway
      Hardware or software that connects two or more networks, converting
      data to the protocol understood by each network.

   GIF
      Graphic Interchange Format. A type of image file that is commonly
      used for animated images on web pages.

   hacker
      An intruder who attempts to enter a site for the purpose of
      causing intentional damage.

   HDFS
      The Apache Hadoop Distributed File System. This is the
      default file system used in Cloud Big Data.

   health monitor
      A configurable feature of each load balancer. A health monitor
      is used to determine whether a back-end node is usable for
      processing a request. The load balancing service currently
      supports active health monitoring.

   homepage
      (1) The main page for any web site. (2) The first page
      a browser loads when it opens.

   host
      A computer and/or network facility that stores data and
      that is available to be accessed by other computers.

   HTML
      HyperText Markup Language. HTML is used to create documents
      on the Internet.

   HTTP
      HyperText Transfer Protocol. The protocol that tells
      browsers where to find information.

   hypertext
      Any kind of text that contains a link to some other site, commongly
      found in documents were clicking on a word or words opens up a
      different web site.

   hypervisor
      A program that manages several operating systems (also known as
      guest machines or virtual machines) to share a single hardware host.
      The hypervisor manages and allocates resources to the guests.

   Identity assertion
      A method for expressing the identity of the sender (for example,
      user name) in a Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP) message.
      Identity assertions provide a mechanism for exchanging
      authentication and authorization between an Identity provider
      and a service provider to support federated identity management.

   IdP
      Identity Provider. A trusted provider that creates, maintains, and
      manages identity information for principals (users, services, or
      systems) and provides principal authentication to other service
      providers (applications) within a federation or distributed network.
      Identity providers issue identification information on behalf of
      authenticated users that want to interact with different
      service providers. This process is implemented through an
      authentication module which verifies a security token as an
      alternative to explicity authenticating a user within a security
      realm. Information is transmitted through federation protocols
      such as SAML and OpenID Connect.

   image
      A collection of files for a specific operating system (OS)
      that you use to create or rebuild a server. Rackspace
      provides pre-built images. You can also create custom images from
      servers that you have launched. Custom images can be
      used for data backups or as "gold" images for additional servers.

   image file
      The actual image in binary data.

   image member
      A user who has been granted access to an image.
      Normally, if an image is not public, only the owner
      can boot from the image.

   image record
      Provides information about the bootable binary data, including
      format, size in bytes, checksum, and operating system.

   image tag
      A string of characters used to identify a specific image or images.

   image task
      A resource that allows you to perform asynchronous image-related
      operations such as importing or exporting images.
      The task resource may be polled to determine the status of
      the import or export operation, and the resource is deleted
      at a set time identified by the expires-at parameter.

   ingest
      The process of obtaining, importing, and processing data for later
      use or storage in a database. This process can involve modifying
      individual files by editing their content and/or formatting
      them to fit into a larger document.

   instance
      A virtual machine that runs inside the cloud.

   instance type
      Describes the compute, memory, and storage capacity of Nova
      computing instances. The instance type is the size
      (in terms of vCPUs and RAM) of the virtual server that you will be launching.

   internal URL
      A URL that is accessible only from within the Rackspace cloud
      network. Access to an internal URL is always free of charge.

   IP address
      Internet Protocol address. For IPv4, an IP address is a 32-bit
      number that identifies each sender or receiver of information that
      is sent in packets across the Internet. In IPv6, an IP address
      is a 128-bit number.

   isolated network
      A virtual layer-2 network created through Cloud Networks that can
      be attached to a new Next Generation Cloud Server. An isolated
      network keeps your server separate from the Rackspace network,
      the Internet, or both. When you create an isolated network, it is
      associated with your tenant ID.

   ISP
      Internet Service Provider. A provider of Internet access to
      individuals and businesses.

   JSON
      Javascript Object Notation. An open standard format that uses
      human-readable text to transmit data objects consisting of key:value pairs.

   JSON Pointer
      Defines syntax for identifying a specific value
      within a JSON document. A restricted JSON pointer is a
      Unicode string containing a sequence of exactly one
      reference token, prefixed by a '/' (%x2F) character. Each
      reference token is a sequence of unreserved and/or
      percent-encoded characters.

   Java
      An object-oriented programming language designed for use in the
      distributed environment of the Internet. Java can be used to create
      complete applications that can run on a single computer or are
      distributed across servers and clients in a network. Java can also
      be used to build a small application module or applet for use as part
      of a web page. Applets allow users to interact with the web page.

   JavaScript
      An interpreted programming or script language used in web pages.

   KVM
      Kernal Virtual Machine. A Linux kernal module that allows a user
      space program to use the hardware virtualization features of
      various processors.

   label
      Assigns a meaningful name to a check.

   language-specific API
      Provide a layer of abstraction on top of the base REST API,
      enabling programmers to work with a container and object model
      instead of working directly with HTTP requests and responses.
      Language-specific APIs are available in several popular
      languages for Cloud Files.

   launch configuration
      Contains the necessary details for adding and removing servers
      from a scaling group in the Rackspace Auto Scale API.
      The ``launchConfiguration`` object specifies whether you
      are creating a server or a load balancer and the necessary
      details about the configuration.

   layer-2 network
      A virtual Ethernet network that is managed by the OpenStack
      Networking service. Currently, Rackspace Networking manages only
      Ethernet networks.

   LDAP
      Lightweight Directory Access Protocol. An application protocol for
      accessing and maintaining distributed directory information
      services over an IP network. The Rackspace Identity service can
      use an LDAP backend as a datastore.

   load average alarm
      Sends a notification when your system's load exceeds a
      number you specify for greater than **X** number of minutes.
      **X** is generally set for 5 minutes.

   load average check
      Monitors and displays your server's load average. This
      option is most often used with Linux machines.

   load balancer
      A logical device which belongs to a cloud account.
      It is used to distribute workloads between multiple back-end
      systems or services, based on the criteria defined as
      part of its configuration.

   MapReduce
      A framework for performing calculations on the data in the
      distributed file system. Map tasks run in parallel with each other.
      Reduce tasks also run in parallel with each other.

   media type
      A standard identifier used on the Internet to indicate the
      type of data contained in a file. A media type is composed of
      a type, a subtype, and zero or more optional parameters.

   memory alarm
      Notifies when your server's memory usage goes above
      the percentage you set in the criteria.

   memory check
      Monitors and displays your server's memory use (RAM) and historical usage.

   message
      A task, a notification, or any meaningful data that a producer
      or publisher sends to the queue. A message exists until it is
      deleted by a recipient or automatically by the system
      based on a TTL (time-to-live) value.

   message TTL
      Defines how long a message will be accessible.

   metadata
      Optional information that you can assign to Cloud Files accounts,
      containers, and objects through the use of a metadata header.

   metric series
      A named set of data points. A series is identified by a unique name,
      which is composed of elements separated by periods that are used
      to display the collection of series in a hierarchal tree.

   middleware
      Software that connects two otherwise separate applications.

   monitoring zone
      The "launch point" of a check. When you create a check,
      you specify which monitoring zone(s) you want to launch the check from.
      A monitoring zone is similar to a datacenter, however in the
      monitoring system, you can think of it more as a geographical region.
      You can launch checks for a particular entity from multiple
      monitoring zones. This allows you to observe the performance of an
      entity from different regions of the world. It is also a way of adding
      redundancy to make the alarm less sensitive to external factors.
      For example, if the check from one monitoring zone reports that
      an entity is down, a second or third monitoring zone might report
      that the entity is up and running. This gives you a better picture
      of an entity's overall health.

  monitoring_zone_polls
      Specifies the monitoring zones that will launch the check.

   network
      An isolated virtual layer-2 broadcast domain that is typically
      reserved for the tenant who created it unless the network is
      configured to be shared. Tenants can create multiple networks until
      they reach the thresholds specified by per-tenant quotas.

   network alarm
      Sends a notification when either of the network receive or
      the network transmit rate alarms are triggered.

   network check
      Monitors your network receiving and transmitting traffic.
      The unit of value for this alarm is megabits per second (Mbit/s).
      This check also displays your traffic usage. Unlike the
      other alarms in this list, you set the network check alarm
      variable upon network check creation.

   node
      A back-end device providing a service on a specified IP and port.

   notification
      An informational message sent to one or more addresses by the
      monitoring system when an alarm is triggered. You can set up
      notifications to alert a single individual or an entire team.
      Rackspace Cloud Monitoring currently supports webhooks and
      email for sending notifications.

   notification plan
      Contains a set of notification rules to execute when an
      alarm is triggered. A notification plan can contain multiple
      notifications for each of the following states: Critical, Warning, Ok.

   OAuth
      Open standard for Authorization. Provides a method for clients to
      access server resources on behalf of a resource owner such
      as a different client or an end-user. OAuth also provides a
      process for end-users to authorize third-party access to their server
      resources without sharing their credentials by using user-agent
      redirections. Typically, OAuth protects credentials like
      user name and password.

   origin
      An address (IP or domain) from which the CDN provider pulls content.
      A service can have multiple origins.

   operations
      The actions you perform against your account in Cloud Files,
      such as creating or deleting containers. Operations are performed
      via the REST web service API or a language-specific API.

   period
      Specifies how often Cloud Monitoring collectors run this check.

   PoP
      Point of Presence. The point at which two or more different networks
      or communication devices build a connect with each other. PoP mainly
      refers to an access point, location, or facility that connects to
      and helps other devices establish a connection with
      the Internet.

   port
      A virtual switch port on a logical network switch. Virtual instances
      attach their interfaces into ports. The logical port also defines
      the MAC address and the IP addresses to be assigned to the interfaces
      plugged into them. When creating a port, any unallocated IP in the subnet
      can be stated specifically, even if the IP address is not in the
      allocation pool. Enabling users to specify the IP explicitly allows
      them to retain a particular subset of the subnet IPs for static
      allocation.

   private container
      A container that is only accessible by the account holder.

   producer
      A server or application that sends messages to the queue.

   producer-consumer
      A pattern where each worker application that reads the queue
      has to claim the message in order to prevent duplicate processing.
      Later, when work is done, the worker is responsible for
      deleting the message. If message is not deleted in a predefined time,
      it can be claimed by other workers.

   pseudo directories
      A hierarchical structure within a single Cloud Files container
      created adding forward slash (/) in the object name.

   public container
      A CDN-enabled container that is publicly accessible.

   PublicNet
      Provides access to the Internet for Rackspace services such as
      Cloud Monitoring, Managed Cloud Service Level, RackConnect,
      Cloud Backup, and certain operating system updates.
      When you list networks through Cloud Networks, PublicNet is labeled public.

   public URL
      A URL that is accessible from anywhere. Access to a public URL
      usually incurs traffic charges.

   publisher
      A server or application that posts messages to the queue with the
      intent to distribute information or updates to multiple subscribers.

   publisher-subscriber
      A pattern where all worker applications have access to all
      messages in the queue. Workers cannot delete or update messages.

   purge
      Removes content from edge nodes, allowing content to be refreshed
      from your origin servers.

   QEMU
      A generic and open source machine emulator and virtualizer. QEMU
      supports virtualization when executing under the Xen hypervisor
      or when using the KVM kernal module in Linux.

   queue
      The entity that holds messages. Ideally, a queue is created per
      work type. For example, if you want to compress files,
      you would create a queue dedicated to this job.
      Any application that reads from this queue would only compress files.

   RBAC
      Role-Based Access Control. A method to restrict service access
      to only authorized users. RBAC allows customers to specify who
      has access to resources and capabilities within their cloud
      deployment, based on roles defined by Rackspace.

   reboot
      Performs either a soft or hard reboot of a server.
      A soft reboot is a graceful shutdown and restart of your
      server's operating system. A hard reboot power cycles your server,
      which performs an immediate shutdown and restart.

   rebuild
      Removes all data on the server and replaces it with the specified
      image. Server ID and IP addresses on the server remain
      the same.

   record
      Belongs to a particular domain and is used to specify information
      about the domain. There are several types of DNS records.
      Each record type contains particular information used to describe
      that record's purpose. Examples include mail exchange (MX)
      records, which specify the mail server for a particular domain,
      and name server (NS) records, which specify the authoritative
      name servers for a domain.

   replica
      An exact copy of a database instance that is kept synchronized
      with its database instance source.

   resize
      Converts an existing server to a different flavor, which scales
      the server up or down. The original server is saved for a
      period of time to allow rollback if a problem occurs. You can
      confirm or revert a resize. A confirmed resize removes the
      original server, while a reverted resize restores the original
      server. All resizes are automatically confirmed after 24 hours
      if you do not explicitly confirm or revert them.

   resolution
      The number of seconds per data point in a metric series. Series are
      created with a resolution which determines how often a data point
      can be stored. This resolution is represented as the number of seconds
      in time that each data point covers. A series that stores one data
      point per minute has a resolution of 60 seconds. Similarly, a series
      that stores one data point per second has a resolution of 1 second.

   resource
      A template artifact that represents some component of your
      desired architecture, such as a Cloud Server, a group of scaled
      Cloud Servers, a load balancer, or some configuration management system.

   REST
      Representational State Transfer. An architectural style for large-scale
      software design.

   RESTful
      A kind of web service API that uses REST.

   restore
      The process of bringing your system back to a previously saved
      state, usually by using a backup as the checkpoint.

   restore configuration
      Defines what the restore checkpoint is and the where the
      backup should be restored.

   restriction
      Enables you to define rules about who can or cannot access content
      from the cache.

   role
      A common security construct for assigning a specific set of
      access rights and privileges to a user or group of users.
      Service administrators can create named roles, configure the rights
      and privileges for each role, and manage the role without
      updating individual user or group accounts assigned to the role.

   rollup
      Performs functions on a set of data that has been ingested, such as
      downsampling calculations and summarizing raw data to condense
      the size of the original data sample.

   SAML
      Security Assertion Markup Language. An XML-based, open-standard
      data format for exchanging authentication and authorization data
      between parties, particularly an identity provider and a
      service provider. SAML is a product of the OASIS Security Services
      Technical Committee.

   SAML assertion
      Contains a packet of user security information that can be
      transferred from identity providers to service providers to validate
      authentication and authorization rights. The service provider
      uses this information to make access-control decisions. The
      Rackspace Identity services uses SAML assertions to provide
      authentication tokens to federated users.

   scaling
      The process of adjusting a server configuration in response
      to variations in workload.

   scaling group
      Identifies servers and load balancers that are managed by a scaling policy.

   scaling policy
      Manages a scaling group.

   schema
      Some Rackspace APIs supply json documents describing the
      JSON-encoded data structures that represent domain objects,
      so that a client knows exactly what to expect in an API response.

   SCP server proxy
      An SCP service that runs on your Hadoop cluster and distributes your
      files across the cluster.

   segmentation
      The process of segmenting a large file into a number of smaller
      files for uploading to Cloud Files. The default size limit
      of a single uploaded object is 5 GB, however, the download size of a
      single object is virtually unlimited with the use of segmentation.
      Segments of the larger object are uploaded and a special manifest
      file is created that, when downloaded, sends all the segments concatenated
      as a single object. Segmentation also offers much greater upload
      speed with the possibility of parallel uploads of the segments.

   server
      A computer that provides explicit services to the client software
      running on that system. A server is a virtual machine (VM) instance
      in the Cloud Servers environment. To create a server, you must
      specify a name, flavor reference, and image reference.

   server setup
      Because Cloud Backup is a file-level backup product, you must
      configure a separate backup for each cloud server and that a backup
      does not automatically apply to an entire environment.
      You must select the files and folders you want to back up from your
      cloud server. This setup requirement applies to Rackspace
      Cloud Servers, including the Performance Cloud Servers offering.

   service
      A logical name for the internal and external capabilities provided
      on a Cloud platform or product component. A service provides
      one or more endpoints through which users can access
      resources and perform operations. **Note: For Cloud Servers,
      a service is a node on a server instance that runs nova code.
      For Rackspace CDN, a service represents an application that has its
      content cached to edge nodes.**

   service catelog
      The list of services available to you, as returned along with your
      authentication token and an expiration date for that token.
      All the services in your service catalog should recognize your
      token as valid until it expires. The catalog listing for each
      service provides at least one endpoint URL for that service.
      Other information, such as regions and versions and tenants, is
      provided if it is relevant to your access to this service.

   ServiceNet
      Provides access to Rackspace services such as Cloud Files,
      Cloud Databases, and Cloud Backup, and to certain packages and
      patches through an internal only, multi-tenant network connection
      within each Rackspace data center. When you list networks
      through Cloud Networks, ServiceNet is labeled as private.

   session persistence
      A feature of the load balancing service that attempts to force
      subsequent connections to a service to be redirected to
      the same node as long as the node is online.

   shared IP address
      A public IP address that can be shared across multiple servers
      for use in various high availability scenarios. When an IP address
      is shared to another server, the cloud network restrictions are
      modified to allow each server to listen to and respond
      on that IP address. You can also specify that the target server
      network configuration be modified.

   shared IP group
      A collection of servers that can share IPs with other members
      of the group. Any server in a group can share one or more
      public IPs with any other server in the group. With the exception
      of the first server in a shared IP group, servers must be
      launched into shared IP programs. A server may only be a member of
      one shared IP group.

   snapshot
      A point-in-time copy of the data contained in a volume.

   social networking
      Joining groups and websites where you find people with similar
      interests. Individuals and businesses use social networks such as
      Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter to share online experiences with others.

   stack
      A group of resources, such as servers, load balancers, and databases,
      combined to fulfill a useful purpose. Based on a template,
      Heat orchestration engine creates an instantiated set of
      resources (a stack) to run the application framework or component
      specified (in the template). A stack is a running instance of a template.
      The result of creating a stack is a deployment of the
      application framework or component.

   status
      Indicates the current state of a service. The time it takes for a
      service configuration to be distributed to a CDN provider
      cache can vary.

   subdomain
      Domains within a parent domain that cannot be registered.
      Subdomains allow you to delegate domains. Subdomains can themselves
      have subdomains, so third-level, fourth-level, fifth-level,
      and deeper levels of nesting are possible.

   subnet
      An IP address block that can be used to assign IP addresses to
      virtual instances. Each subnet must have a CIDR and be associated
      with a network. IPs can be selected either from the whole subnet
      CIDR or from allocation pools that can be specified by the user.

   subscriber
      An observer that watches messages like an RSS feed
      but does not claim any messages.

   template
      A portable file, written in a user-readable language, that
      describes how a set of resources should be assembled
      and what software should be installed in order to produce a working
      stack. The template specifies what resources should be used,
      what attributes can be set, and other parameters that are critical
      to the successful, repeatable automation of a specific application stack.

   tenant
      A container used to group or isolate resources or identity objects.
      Depending on the service operator, a tenant could map to a
      customer, account, organization, or project.

   timestamp
      A point in time at which values can be associated. Time in Cloud
      Metrics is represented as epoch time with a maximum
      resolution of 1 second.

   token
      An opaque string that represents an authorization to access
      cloud resources. Tokens may be revoked at any time and are valid
      for a finite duration.

   TTL
      Time-to-live value.

   URI
      Uniform Resource Identifier. A string of characters used to
      identify the name of a web resource. The URI syntax
      consists of a URI scheme name (such as "http", "ftp", or "file")
      followed by a colon character, and then by a
      scheme-specific part (which varies depending on the context).

   Unicode
      The universal character encoding standard for written characters
      and text. The Unicode Standard defines a consistent way of
      encoding multilingual text that enables the exchange of text
      data internationally and creates the foundation for global
      software.

   user
      A digital representation of a person, system, or service that
      uses cloud services. Users have credentials and can be assigned
      tokens. They can present this information to the Identity service
      or other cloud services to confirm identity and verify
      permission to access the requested system resources.

   UUID
      Universal Unique Identifier. A 128-bit that is used to uniquely
      identify an object on the Internet.

   virtual IP
      An Internet Protocol (IP) address configured on the load balancer
      for use by clients connecting to a service that is
      load balanced. Incoming connections are distributed to
      back-end nodes based on the configuration of the load balancer.

   virus
      A harmful piece of computer programming that interferes with
      normal computer and Internet operations.

   VMM
      Virtual Machine Monitor. The piece of software responsible for
      monitoring and enforcing policy on the virtual machines for which
      it is responsible. If a VMM runs in place of (instead of on top of)
      an operating system, it is also known as a hypervisor.

   volume
      User-specified storage that contains the database engine data directory.
      Volumes are automatically provisioned on shared
      Internet Small Computer System Interface (iSCSI)
      storage area networks (SAN) that provide for increased performance,
      scalability, availability and manageability.
      Applications with high I/O demands are performance optimized and
      data is protected through both local and network RAID-10.
      Additionally, network RAID provides synchronous replication of
      volumes with automatic failover and load balancing across
      available storage clusters.

   volume type
      There are two types of block storage volumes: SATA for
      standard performance and SSD for high performance.

   webhook
      A URL that can activate a policy without authentication.

   worker
      A client that claims messages from the queue and performs actions
      based on those messages.

   Xen
      A native (bare-metal) hypervisor providing services that allow
      multiple computer operating systems to execute on the same
      computer hardware concurrently. It was originally developed by
      University or Cambridge Computer Laboratory and is a free and
      open-source software project maintained by the Xen community.
